Topics of Class-
Java OOps 
 Class- It is grougn of object School.
 Class cosnsits below major things-
	Variables-It is things that can change.
		Local Variables-It ia variable that we define inside method,  construcs, block.
		Instance Variables-It ia variable that we define outside method but inside the class.
		Class variables-It ia variable that we define outside method but inside the class with the static keyword.
	
	
	Method- It is Functions which define the use of variables.
	
	Obejct-An entity of class like- Stundes, teachers, principal.		
	We declar obejct with new keyword followd by the class.

	Constructors-
		its a special method to used to insitla on obejct.
		Its name same as class name.
		It cannot be abstract, static and fianl;
	
	Constructors types-
		Default Constructors
		Prameteriz Constructors
	
	Object Array
		It is collection Simmler data types and hold index.
		We hold refrence varibales like string and object.
		
	Inheritance
		When we use variable and method of the parents class into chid class we call it inherticance. 
		It is super and sub classes relationship.
		
		
		this-It is used to have variable and methos/construcs of same class.
		Super-It is used to have variable and methos/construcs of parent class. It acces immedicate parent class.
		
	Polymorphism
		It is the procee to get different ways to perfom one task.
		It is the procee to get different results form the same method.
	Polymorphism types	
		Method Overlading/Static binding - It is the procee to use same method multiple times in the same class.
		Method Overriding/dynamic binding - It is the procee to use same method of parents class in child class.
	
	Abstraction-It is the procee to hiding the details and internal procce.
	Abstract method- It is the method which we declare without giving any implementation.
	Abstract class- 
			It is decalre as abstract.
			It canot be instanied
			This class may have abstract method and simple method.		
	
	Interface-
			-It is used for full abstraction
			-all method are abstract by defualt
			-varaiuble is assinged value at the delcaration times
			

	Encapsulation- It is the procee to bind the varaible, methos, construcs and obejct into a single unit. Which we call class.
	
	Fianl Keywrod- It is used to restrict user to do follwing.
					-Stop value change
					-stop overlaoding method
					-stop calling the class to differnt class
		
		Final Variable-it is used to make any variable final.
		Final method- it is used to make method final and no one can override it.
		Final class- it used to make class final and no one can extend it.
		
		
	Static keyword-It is used for memory managemnt. It is used for varaible, method, static block.			
		Static varaible
					-It is used for a vraible that will remain same thorought all the reuiremnts like company name, college name, school name
					-It is loaaded in memnory only once and used any numner of times without loading again and agian.
		Static method
					-It used without any object.
					-Thesew methos can access only static variables.
					-these method cannot use non statis vaibles
					-this and super cannout be used in static method.
					
		Static block
					-This block is excuted at the time of class loading.
					-we can have multiple static block but they run top to buttom.
					
		
					

-Junit Framework
TestNG Framework
Page Object Framework Creation
